hello everyone so today I am back with
another zentangle just doing this pretty
little flower design I got the template
off of Yahoo images and just copied it
and I'm just untangling inside of it and
all around it I really like the way this
one turned out um I used pretty much the
same send handles that I've used quite a
bit I didn't really spend too much time
venturing out of it but anyways so today
Ali came home from school and she got
her report card and I was very happy for
her she got five days and one be
included including a 100 in science
which I was really surprised about she
definitely didn't get that talent from
me I am NOT a fan of science and I
dropped it in my junior year of high
school cuz we didn't have to take it
anymore if we didn't want to and I
certainly did not but apparently she
must like it or something she did very
well so to celebrate she decided that
she wanted to go to Ruby Tuesday's and
have some dinner there so that's what we
did this evening and she is feeling much
better after her sickness yesterday or
on Wednesday and Thursday so she is
feeling better now
so I got a new tripod if you can tell
the angle is a little bit different on
the last two videos then they were
before I disappeared for a month that is
because I got a taller tripod
unfortunately I'm not really used to it
yet
so I'm noticing in this video
particularly that my hand is getting in
the way quite often when I'm drawing I'm
sorry about that
but now that I am aware of it I will be
conscious of it in my next drawing video
I also got some brighter lights for
above me which I think the quality of
the draw
is coming out much better on these
videos so I guess I could tell you a
little bit of what Ali and I did while
we were missing in action and not
putting videos up Ali and I went to
Maryland for a week and went to visit my
grandmother down there which I was very
excited to see her it had been like four
years since I have gone down there and
we went to Washington DC to the
different Smithsonian's and things and
it was a lot of fun
Allie had a ton of fun at the
Smithsonian museums she went to the
natural museum of history or something
like that I think that's what it was
called and she was disappointed with the
size of the Hope Diamond which I was too
it's kind of funny that she was
disappointed with it but um I remember
the first time I saw it I was a little
bit older than her I think I was 13
she's 11 now but I remember think it was
going to be about the size of my fist
and it's really not that big and Allison
was very surprised that it was not very
big at all - but everything else she
really enjoyed but she took pictures and
everything she went with my grandmother
that day because I had gone the day
before and I was in quite a bit of pain
my back my legs were hurting me so she
just went with my grandmother and they
had a good time while I hung out at home
with my grandmother's dog she has a
little poodle named Sylvie she's very
cute so I had fun with her by myself
that day I also bought a car while I was
missing for that month I had been
without a car for about a year and a
half and I was going crazy with that one
so I went and found a Chrysler Concorde
it's a nice little car
it's a 2003 so it's not brand new but
it's new to me and that's what matters
and it gets me from point A to point B
and it only had 87,000 miles on
which was perfect so I grabbed that up
and I've been driving that around and
Ali and I have been going everywhere and
you don't realize how much you miss a
car until you get one back but yeah so
that's pretty much everything that's
been going on into my life
Ali school is getting out soon so we're
making plans to do some hiking and
biking on some trails around the
Adirondacks and stuff so that'll be fun
anyways I think that's everything that's
been going on and that's it for my video
so I hope you enjoyed today's video if
you did give it a thumbs up leave a
comment down below subscribe if you're
not already and I will see you tomorrow